0A young programmers began to work online,
One didn't pay for Internet, and then there were 9.

9 young programmers used copies that they made,
But one was caught by FBI, and then there were 8.

8 young programmers discussed about heaven,
One said "It's Windows 95!", and then there were 7.

7 young programmers found bugs they want to fix,
But one was fixed by the bug, and then there were 6.

6 young programmers were testing the hard drive,
One got the string "Format complete", and then there were 5.

5 young programmers were running the FrontDoor,
The BBS of one was hacked, and then there were 4.

4 young programmers worked using only C,
One said some good about Pascal, and then there were 3.

3 young programmers didn't know what to do,
One tried to call the on-line help, and then there were 2.

2 young programmers were testing what they done,
One got a virus in his brain, and then there was 1.

1 young programmer was mighty as a hero,
But tried to speak with user, and then there were 0.

Boss cried: "Oh, where is the program we must have?!"
And fired one programmer, and then there were FF.
------
10 программистов продукт решили сделать,
Один спросил "А деньги где?", и их осталось 9.

9 программистов предстали перед боссом,
Один из них не знал FoxPro, и их осталось 8.

8 программистов купили IBM,
Один сказал "Мак лучше!", и их осталось 7.

7 программистов хотели help прочесть,
У одного покрылся винт, и их осталось 6.

6 программистов пытались код понять,
Один из них сошел с ума, и их осталось 5.

5 программистов купили CD-ROM,
Один принес китайский диск - остались вчетвером.

4 программиста работали на Си,
Один из них хвалил Паскаль, и их осталось 3.

3 программиста в сети играли в DOOM,
Один чуть-чуть замешкался, и счет стал равен двум.

2 программиста набрали дружно: "win"
Один устал загрузки ждать - остался лишь 1.

1 программист все взял под свой контроль,
Hо встретился он с юзером, и их осталось 0.

0 программистов ругал сердитый шeф,
Потом уволил одного, и стало их FF.